[admin] (Links) Update link anchors (#452)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/testing/platform-limits.md

---

> title: 'Platform limits and requirements with Office Scripts'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Platform limits and requirements with Office Scripts
```

> description: 'Resource limits and browser support for Office Scripts when used with Excel on the web'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Resource limits and browser support for Office Scripts when used with Excel on the web.
```
